Bump to v4.2.0-RC2 (#15076)
containers/podman: RELEASE_NOTES.md

# Release Notes

> ## 4.2.0

Author: @TomSweeneyRedHat PTAL at the release notes if you get a chance

Reviewer: Looking now, until dinner, then will wrap after.

- The `podman create` and `podman run` commands now include the `-c` short option for the `--cpu-shares` option.
- The `podman create` and `podman run` commands can now create containers from a manifest list (and not an image) as long as the `--platform` option is specified ([#14773](https://github.com/containers/podman/issues/14773)).
- The `podman build` command now supports a new option, `--cpp-flag`, to specify options for the C preprocessor when using `Containerfile.in` files that require preprocessing.
- The `podman build` command now supports a new option, `--build-contaxt`, allowing the user to specify an additional build context.
- The `podman machine inspect` command now prints the location of the VM's Podman API socket on the host ([#14231](https://github.com/containers/podman/issues/14231)).
- The `podman machine init` command on Windows now fetches an image with packages pre-installed ([#14698](https://github.com/containers/podman/issues/14698)).

> - Unused, cached Podman machine VM images are now cleaned up automatically. Note that because we now cache in a different directory, this will not clean up old images pulled before this change ([#14697](https://github.com/containers/podman/issues/14697)).

Reviewer: Suggestion to consider, I'd drop the we throughout
```suggestion
- Unused, cached Podman machine VM images are now cleaned up automatically. Note that because Podman now caches in a different directory, this will not clean up old images pulled before this change ([#14697](https://github.com/containers/podman/issues/14697)).
```

- The `podman image scp` command now supports tagging the transferred image with a new name.
- The `podman network ls` command supports a new filter, `--filter dangling=`, to list networks not presently used by any containers ([#14595](https://github.com/containers/podman/issues/14595)).
- The `--condition` option to `podman wait` can now be specified multiple times to wait on any one of multiple conditions.
- The `podman events` command now includes the `-f` short option for the `--filter` option.
- The `podman pull` command now includes the `-a` short option for the `--all-tags` option.
- The `podman stop` command now includes a new flag, `--filter`, to filter which containers will be stopped (e.g. `podman stop --all --filter label=COM.MY.APP`).
- The Podman global option `--url` now has two aliases: `-H` and `--host`.
- The `podman network create` command now supports a new option with the default `bridge` driver, `--opt isolate=`, which isolates the network by blocking any traffic from it to any other network with the `isolate` option enabled. This option is enabled by default for networks created using the Docker-compatible API.

> 

Reviewer 2: I don't see a release note for https://github.com/containers/podman/pull/14457 but I guess it is not super important

- Fixed a bug where the Libpod List endpoint for Containers did not return the `application/json` content type header when there were no containers present ([#14647](https://github.com/containers/podman/issues/14647)).
- Fixed a bug where the Compat Stats endpoint for Containers could return incorrect memory limits ([#14676](https://github.com/containers/podman/issues/14676)).
- Fixed a bug where the Compat List and Inspect endpoints for Containers could return incorrect strings for container status.
- Fixed a bug where the Compat Create endpoint for Containers did not properly handle disabling healthchecks ([#14493](https://github.com/containers/podman/issues/14493)).
- Fixed a bug where the Compat Create endpoint for Networks did not support the `mtu`, `name`, `mode`, and `parent` options ([#14482](https://github.com/containers/podman/issues/14482)).
- Fixed a bug where the Compat Create endpoint for Networks did not allow the creation of networks name `bridge` ([#14983](https://github.com/containers/podman/issues/14983)).

> - Fixed a but where the Compat Inspect endpoint for Networks did not properly set netmasks in the `SecondaryIPAddresses` and `SecondaryIPv6Addresses` fields ([#14674](https://github.com/containers/podman/issues/14674)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where the Compat Inspect endpoint for Networks did not properly set netmasks in the `SecondaryIPAddresses` and `SecondaryIPv6Addresses` fields ([#14674](https://github.com/containers/podman/issues/14674)).
```
